hi are loquendoitalia ago and in this video I will explain you where it is and how
use the swing dance in gta 4 I think many of you already know it
but I hope it is useful to someone first of all I will explain you where to go open the
map enlarged with l2 after which place the signal in this.
after you take a car you have reached the point that you have marked as they are
a bastard I didn't cut the path xdddd joke I'll remember it anymore
nice with a few bets
costs are expected
this time I will try to drive better than the last video but unfortunately I am
fo reckless at driving xdddd
Equitalia Fano takes no responsibility with regard to
target nokia epilepsy cacarella depression albinism strabismus
color blindness flights for meteorism clean building box office italy death that
could be caused by watching this video
echo we start xd
to liberty city to pay the toll and 1 18 the only problem to the police
I put the tricks to remove it otherwise it breaks xddd
alan I fell from fright
hey did you get my spanish guitar now you will see it with me
bears
okay enough
super fast mode xddddd
here we are now we will have to go to the nearby playground and
go by car near Christmas
the data is present in the registered office
sisi literally invoices with the car now I'll show you
hate you do
it is preferable to go against the Avellino is ready
Fidelity strong push will blow you out of the cockpit
seen
xddddddddd and this was not very strong
now we'll try again
zizzi
jersey
sometimes it takes a little more time to push to make better use of the
target I recommend you use light medium machine do not change buses
3 feet
It's easy to get them into the playground and then they don't have a strong push
xd this has been done well and the tutorial is finished enjoy with
this sea